com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/Resource.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.Resource
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/InviteStatus.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.InviteStatus
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/Gender.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.Gender
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/attachment/MsgAttachmentParser.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.attachment.MsgAttachmentParser
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/ConsultDirection.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.ConsultDirection
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/attachment/AudioAttachment.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.attachment.AudioAttachment
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/DevicePlatform.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.DevicePlatform
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/QueryDirection.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.QueryDirection
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/attachment/LocationAttachment.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.attachment.LocationAttachment
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/package-info.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.package-info
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/Group.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.Group
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.Group$Member
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/Notification.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.Notification
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/MucHist.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.MucHist
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/attachment/VideoAttachment.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.attachment.VideoAttachment
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/AttachStatus.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.AttachStatus
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/attachment/ImageAttachment.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.attachment.ImageAttachment
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/BroadcastMessage.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.BroadcastMessage
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/InviteType.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.InviteType
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/attachment/NotificationAttachment.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.attachment.NotificationAttachment
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/attachment/FileAttachment.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.attachment.FileAttachment
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/RecentContact.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.RecentContact
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/Friendship.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.Friendship
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/MsgStatus.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.MsgStatus
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/BaseModel.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.BaseModel
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/ConsultationMsg.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.ConsultationMsg
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/Invitation.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.Invitation
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/DeviceIdiom.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.DeviceIdiom
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/config/StorageConfiguration.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.config.StorageConfiguration
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/NotificationType.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.NotificationType
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/attachment/MsgAttachment.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.attachment.MsgAttachment
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/MsgHist.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.MsgHist
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/MsgDirection.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.MsgDirection
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/OfflineMsg.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.OfflineMsg
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/RevokeType.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.RevokeType
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/Msg.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.Msg
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/attachment/package-info.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.attachment.package-info
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/ConsultantClient.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.ConsultantClient
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/ConversationType.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.ConversationType
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/constant/MsgType.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.constant.MsgType
com/aihangxunxi/aitalk/storage/model/User.java
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.User
 com.aihangxunxi.aitalk.storage.model.User$UserGroup
